[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[END PLAYBACK]
Thank you.
Good morning, everyone.
Good morning, and good morning, and good morning.
And the Tashidales, everyone.
Thank you, thank you.
How we begin our opening prayers.
And those who have these prayers, we begin this opening prayers.
Those who don't have, just really meditate, meditating,
reflecting the presence of the Buddha,
and then bring more joy and appreciation,
and both each other thought.
We're going to reflect the teaching of the Buddha
according to the best capabilities.
So therefore, it's something that we're doing, very beautiful.
So reflect the beautiful attitude, joy and devotion,
both each other, with strong presence
of the all, the enlightened beings.
Well, we are all in that state.
We begin to join these prayers as opening.
[NON-ENGLISH SINGING]
Again, good morning, everyone.
And good days to everyone.
And the tahi delis, the bona deas, to everyone.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Again, be together, discussing the teaching of the Buddha.
According to the past kava bullet, with our joy, love,
and the devotee, shown in the determination
is one of the very beautiful qualities to pursue
and to discover our spiritual journey or the innate Buddha
nature.
We're making something beautiful things.
Make difference to ourselves, to all the beings.
According to the teaching of the Buddha,
following the teaching-- and that's what all of these 37
practices of Bodhisattva, as you read,
it is nothing but teachings on the loving kindness,
compassion, courage, and commitment,
how to preserve that collet in the jungles of the samsara.
There's so many difficulties, challenges, and blockage,
one after another.
But how we keep up our principle, our identity, our beauty,
our collet, our inheritance, bring forth joy, and peace,
happiness, and respect, and appreciation.
Harmonize the tree everywhere, wherever we go,
and wherever we are.
And that is our goal, and that's this teaching.
This is how wonderful, how beautiful.
This is truly one of the very special things
that we can do in our lives.
So therefore, again, restenstaining.
Again, Bodhichata.
Kindness is a comparative thought.
We're gathered here today, and we're listening,
and reflecting this teaching.
Nothing but to really improve ourselves,
to make benefits to every living being, and how I can do.
How I can follow the footsteps of the Bodhichaktamuni,
and all the Bodhisattvas, all those great masters we so call,
we call great master, great practitioners.
They're not just one time as born with great masters.
They continually pursue the practice as we follow Him,
kept exactly courage and commitment, and determination,
and joy in preserving that.
And continually, they had challenges too, difficulty troubles.
But they'd overcome everything into the contracts
of the Bodhichata, peace and harmonics,
and bring the joy and the peace,
and the joy and the peace to every living being.
Happy now, happy future, happy continually,
and that was the, therefore, part of the Bodhisattva
is part of joy, part of peace, part of rewarding to others.
It's not just a lip service.
We're talking from the bottom of our heart.
That's what the teaching is all about.
So therefore, again, it's so wonderful,
and today we continually, again, as we went through
these 37 practices, among the 37 practices,
if we look, I think today we are in the fourth standard,
which is already translated into English.
And again, this is, again,
is continually as a foundation part of the practices,
foundation of the Bodhichata,
and it supports our practice and the performance
of the Bodhichata and six paramata practices.
How much we should have this?
All that is explained one after another.
And today, this teaching is again, stands forth
according to this 37 practices of the Bodhisattva.
Today is the fourth, I think.
It is a teaching on the impermanent.
Impermanent is, in a way, we are kind of encouraging
to use our time and the situation,
something beautiful way.
We're not going to waste this time.
At the same time, impermanent this teaching means
we're not going to grasp and cling too much.
Even though we're grasping and cling too much,
it's not going to last as we want,
as grasping as clingings want.
It's not going to happen.
Therefore, we have to be supple heart
for courage and compassion and accept the situation.
So, this is what he said, and this is what he said.
So, if I read this, "All friends, relatives, all separated.
Positions and gain with effort will be left behind.
Consciousness, the guest, will leave the guest house of the body.
And therefore, to let go of these lives."
This life is the practice of all the subtle.
What this means is to live the lives of these,
not grasping too much, not clinging too much.
All this is going to change.
No matter how much powerful we are,
how much expert we are, how much strong we are,
how much efficient we are, nothing is going to change.
This is what phenomena exists in this nature.
It's nothing mystery, too.
It's not just Buddhist drama.
Buddha said that it's something only happening to the Buddhisms.
Whether we pronounce that or whether we don't pronounce it,
this is what it is.
How are we going to take care of this?
How are we going to be not disturb our mind, peaceful mind?
And how are we going to maintain our joy and appreciation
and bodhicata, thought, to help with all the sentient beings?
That is not grasping, not too much clinging on this.
And therefore, this is here, this great Master used three points.
This is all the friends, everything will be separated.
Everything what we accumulated is going to leave behind.
And not just only that, but even our closest one that we have,
and so dear, came this sense we born, which had the birth,
to get with myself or me.
Well, we have to separate that.
Not just don't make any other things.
This even have to leave this.
This is called, when we reflecting that, closer to this,
is known as reflecting the impermanent.
Impermanent is the part of everything.
Because of the impermanent, that's why we came here, first places.
If there's no impermanent, we won't be here.
This is how all this change in variety things, all these things,
because of the impermanent, this is.
And this, for example, friend and family will be separated.
For that reason, what we have to do?
What we have to do? We should enjoy with our friend and family,
well, we are not separated.
Well, we are together. We should enjoy.
Our gathering will be the families by the great master,
as Kancin Parthi Sharanbhojit I, quotations.
He said, said, as great master, Parthambha Sanjis.
What is Parthambha Sanjis said?
Said, gathering of the family and the friend is as the gathering on the flea market.
As gathering in the flea market, how long flea market lasts?
Not going to last for a long time, just a short time, in a way.
Well, we are gathering as friend and gathering there, what we have to do?
That's what the great master, Parthambha Sanjis said.
Enjoy. Be nice. Be kind to each other.
Be respectful to each other. Support each other.
Instead, fighting, arguing, quarreling.
That means we are spoiling our short gathering in the midst of the emotions.
That's very unskillful.
We enjoy our friend and families with love and compassion,
and courage and commitment, support each other.
That is according to Buddhism. It's practice.
That is Dharma. This is the foundation of Dharma.
This is good conduct. It's morality.
It's a beauty of spaciousness. It brings joy and happiness and peace to you.
It brings joy and happiness to others, and that is Dharma.
That is the heart of the Buddha's teaching.
Bring peace and harmony to myself, to others, with respect and effort.
Learn from each other. Support each other.
Use those gatherings as learning of the six Parthambha practices. So forth.
All that. And therefore, not grasping, clinging,
yet nice and kind and compassion and respect.
That is the practice of the Bodhisattvas.
Then, the next one here said, "Oh, Dharma, we've made so much effort
to gather, to help the wealth, or to propagate, and so forth.
Also, we shouldn't grasping, clinging too much."
Enjoy the wealth. Enjoy what you gather.
In the context of love and compassion, joy and appreciation.
Let enjoy myself. Let enjoy others according to your capabilities, readiness.
Readiness, and not to again grasping and clinging.
Each time, what the great Master do you see?
You make that offering as mandalas every time in the mornings.
Whatever the belongings, you make that offering mentally
to all the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas, and to make this benefit to all the beings.
That means, bring joy and peace, harmony, and cause of that.
That, and if we do that, we are making using of our belongings.
And the same, not to grasping, not too much clinging.
Clinging, every grasping, clinging too much, what it does?
It brings more emotions, more negativities, more worries,
more anxieties, more emotions.
Then, our good time of short life, we in a way,
spending in the midst of the thunderstorms of the worry and the anxieties,
and anxious, anxious, and suffering, anger, emotions, raging,
we become very unskillful.
Instead, kind of joy and happy and appreciation, easy, and enjoy that.
That is practice of the Buddha Dharma.
Using that, peace and harmony is the central column of the Buddha's teaching.
Teaching to yourself, to the others, enjoy.
And try to use this to bring more joy, sustaining practice and meditation,
and do good things to yourself.
And without too much grasping, then we are making the difference.
We are practicing the Bodhisattva Dharma, Bodhisattva practices.
And the next one, what I said here, I mean, is it isolated in the next?
Conscious guest, here used as a metaphor.
This was in the Buddha's teaching, many times, used as a metaphor.
Conscious guest, guest house, is our body.
And sometimes, in the Gurba Sambha teaching, it is a rented house.
Rented, rented house, from where? From poor elements.
From earth, water, fire, wind, we rent it.
But in time, we occupy that.
Our consciousness becomes the occupancy of what we rented.
That means, what things we rented is not going to stay forever with us.
That also applying, before we come this earth, our body is not.
We don't have our body.
According to the Buddha's teachings, we came with our consciousness.
We concept it through the karmic consequence in a mother's womb,
by the elements of the parents.
And so, that is the beginning of our house, what we rented.
Consciousness is residing ever since.
And consciousness, this body, rented is, is the element.
Such as, as I said, fire, water, wind, and earth.
Earth, it is subject to very rapidly changing in permanent status.
And we changed it so many times.
Changed all the progress since from the time we concept it.
Come out from the mother's womb and then as an infant, baby,
and child, and then teenagers, grown up, and then in the old,
old, kind of a middle age, and the time of the golf,
and also other kind of way, and all those beautiful things.
And then more golfing, more excitement, all these things.
And then we go into this, then this body will say, I cannot do.
I can do those, all these things now.
I did my best, and I will leave this.
Because this is the component of this element.
It is particles all come together.
It is changing rapidly, every minute, every second, every moment.
It is moving according to the Buddha.
Even we can detect it by our eye, and settle in permanent.
It is continually moving, continually changing,
shifting things back and forth, and that's it.
And then it brings the grossing permanent as getting old and so forth.
So therefore, also not too much grasping, clinging,
but taking care of this body.
This body is so important, it is a vehicle to be, to get enlightenment.
And what the great Master Shanti Deva said, this body is like boat.
Boat, to have this boat, we can cross the ocean, cross the ocean.
This boat is also not going to last forever.
Therefore, don't waste the time, use these opportunities.
And this body, then in the Buddha's teaching, we went at the very beginning,
they ate in dormant qualities.
It's much more precious than the size of the gold, like this, or diamond, like this,
or even the whole world.
This boat is so precious, so special, so beautiful, and yet fragile.
And that delicate is very delicate, delicate.
It's very, very, it's so special.
And even though it is old, not too much grasping and clinging,
and it takes you this time, are we able to do all this, what we went through?
That was all known as practicing the Dharma, practicing of the Bodhisattva practices.
With Bodhisattva in the heart, and keep up these practices, then we become,
you become the true Bodhisattva, male and female, the warriors of the enlightenment,
warriors for the Buddhahood, and to benefit beings.
That is what it is.
So therefore, here I said, give up, that give amin, no grasping, no too much clinging to this.
This is all, everything is like magic, everything is like dream, dream.
And everything is reflection only in the water.
And having that understanding, and keep the open mind with full,
full shining light of the love and the compassion and wisdom in our heart and the mind,
that is practicing of the Bodhisattvas.
So that is really about, about this, this fourth one.
Again, this fourth one, the standard, is thinking of the impermanent.
Impermanent is so spacious.
What Buddha's teaching said, said, if we have the close in, have the realization of the impermanent
,
our heart becomes so soft, so tender, and more respectful to ourself, more respectful to the others
.
We feel the sense of the time, and everything is really precious.
We're not going to think it's insignificant, so special, kind of drawn to the earth.
For that reason, Buddha's teaching said, among all the conceptions, all the thoughts,
the thought of impermanent is supreme.
Even Buddha encouraged, you may offer so many great beings, or so many like Ahabas,
but he's making that and thinking of the impermanent.
He said, thinking of the impermanent more available, more precious,
than making offerings to so many Ahabas, all this.
Even that, Buddha encouraged how important it is, that.
And many great masters, every of those practices, lineage masters said,
if you have the really closely understand of the impermanent,
your dharma, your life will be complete on the spirituals.
Your life will be completely in dharma. It will come in dharma.
And for that reason, many great masters said, thinking of the impermanent,
it will make beginning your heart, our heart is more soft, more tender, more gentle,
more thoughtful, that beginning, and therefore then we begin to do the good activities.
That's something beneficial to ourselves, others.
And while you're already in that state, if you start continuing thinking of the impermanent,
it will continually keep our practices on the path, on the highway.
We're not going to deviate it, divide it, or we won't run on the ditches.
It always brings back to the track. It always maintains that.
Because of that, continually with that, then, finally, fulfillment,
we will become enlightenment. Realization, it really brings.
Therefore, at the very beginning of our practice of lineage, of the Mundo practices,
what is? That's four renowned second thought.
One is thinking of the impermanent.
This is, as I said, it's not just a Buddhist dogma.
It's not just a Buddhist theory, theory that makes that.
Truly, this is. What is this? We're not covering up things.
Looking directly to the face of the reality, where things are natures on the phenomenal world.
And we reflect that, strongly as it is.
It is also a wisdom. It is a wisdom.
It is an understanding. It is a knowledge.
So that is what the practice is, again.
The next one, the fourth stanza, this is.
Now, again, this is. Now, in order to perform, in order to be very successful,
in order to practice, our practice becomes very successful.
To bring more, we have all those beautiful now things.
In a way, we have the precious human body.
We cannot detach it. We have the detachment, or we have the detachment,
or we give up so many attachments, grasping, we're trying to soften our heart,
and as well as we have some realization of the impermanence and all that things.
Even though all these things, what we need now, next is,
to bring, in order to bring the performance of this,
then we should avoid the negative influences.
From negative influences, from our close ones.
Negative influences.
Negative influences will make then what?
Obstacles. Obstacles to our performance.
Obstacles to our path, and our achievements.
And that is what we should watch out.
Always bad influence from our close ones.
And that is here.
When furniture with someone caused the three bosons increases,
degrades the activities of the listening, reflecting, and meditating,
and destroys the loving kindness and completions.
Then what is?
Give up that companions is the practicing of the body circles.
This is again, is hard advice to all of us.
To everyone, actually, of course. It's very practical.
Practical and very targeted to produce the performance
of our beautiful goal and the beautiful views.
And to not let influences ourself with the bad companions.
Or someone that goes closer to us.
But the activities are kind of in that context.
In the three bosons. Three bosons, what are those?
I mean, of course, you know, three bosons.
Buddha used the metaphor as three bosons.
It's three negative emotions.
Ignorance, or the darkness, attachment, and anger.
These are known as the three bosons.
No matter how big, how small, it is a boson.
What that means?
Posen hurt us. Posen will hurt us.
Posen will disturb us.
Similarly, this will disturb us.
We already have these emotions.
It's not something that we are free of these emotions.
But if we are influenced by our close ones in these contexts,
what it does?
It will ignite our bosons, our emotions.
Then it will disturb.
Not just disturb only my or I, me.
But it will disturb our families, our friends,
our neighbors, our countries.
And then, in case, if it's so powerful, the whole world can be disturbed.
By who? These three bosons.
They are the fundamental source of the whole troubles,
silences, uncomfortable, miserable, sufferings in the world.
We read this. You read this.
It's nothing again.
Brother talking something strange, alien things bring kind of new consumption to our mind.
It's true.
Because bodies are what we like to do.
We like to remove these things.
We like to transform the dullness into the bursums.
We like to transform the attachment in the loving kindness of the great comparisons.
We like to transform anger into such a kind and compassion, love to every living beings.
That is what it does.
It is like medicines. It's rejuvenating ourselves, rejuvenating our family,
friends, neighbor, town, city, country, whole world according to this.
Truly, it is medicine.
But this is powerful medicine.
Healing powers, healing tools.
So these healing tools can be demologized or decreased or covered up
and ignite these three bosons by the influence of our close ones.
Then we cannot help to even ourselves.
Don't make any help to the other beings by both each other.
Instead we hurt them, begin to hurt them.
So therefore, to every way, looking to myself, looking to all the beings,
we try to work every way to decrease of these three bosons.
And therefore, at this way, the close ones can influence and increase all these things.
Then it will. And that all the activities and bad habits and so forth.
If we do this, then we become bad habits.
We demolish the good moralities.
That all. We are undermining the hardcore of our beautiful principles.
So therefore, knowing all those things.
So trying to distance those close ones who have a lot of negatives
or a lot of powerful negatives can influence this.
If that happened, then, of course, if we are practitioners,
have we already practicing what we will do?
Then this next second, second standard says
it will degrade the activating of the listening, reflecting and meditating.
It will degrade that.
Then we not become practitioners.
Practitioners.
Instead, we become the practitioners of the old habit patterns
which are disturbing to us, disturbing to the others.
Others. And this, and what is listening?
Listening is the practicing, like listening is the teaching.
Reflecting the teachings.
Teaching or the starting.
Listening, listening that.
This is, I mean, we went this last time.
That detail. And so I won't go.
But this is very, in order to do brain realization, we need these three things.
Because you have to listen, receive the teaching.
This teaching of the Bhadakshatyamuni is not just about overnight created things
or the last centuries.
This long lasting lineage of the wisdom and compassion from 200, 2600 years ago.
Continuing this.
Follow in the footsteps and part of this great master's, great practitioners.
Practitioners. And therefore, we should learn.
We have to learn. We have to know this.
Every teaching is not just strange like we are learning something new from us.
Every teaching is really right to sing to our heart.
Everything is how to improve ourselves.
How to improve our understanding.
How to improve our knowledge and our character, our concentration.
How to bring joy and peace, happiness to me, to all the beings.
That is all about the teaching when we learn this.
Every teaching ranks to our heart.
Connect to our love, our compassion, our wisdom.
Or how to remove our anger, emotion, and ignorance, and jealous, doubt, and hesitation.
How to remove those and strengthen all our goodness things.
That's the old teaching.
So learn the expert's voice to glorify our goodness.
It is listening.
And then reflecting.
Here reflecting.
Listening and reflecting.
That is contemplating. Sometimes translated to contemplating.
You're going to contemplating, reflecting.
As the Buddha told, it's not just the Buddha said and followed and believed immediately.
That's the blindfold. Blindfold believes.
You have to reflect. You have to contemplate how it does.
And even simple ways. It's true or not.
When you reflect, it's just what Buddha said, what you have.
It merges together, inseparable, without any divisions, even one here, between there.
It is all merged as water to the water, sky to the skies.
That is known as reflectance.
The result of learning and reflecting is practicing.
It practices.
We practice and meditate.
And with beautiful motivation, beautiful thoughts, thought within.
Motivation, devotion, we practice.
With that, practices such as vipashyana, or samatha vipashyana,
and vajayana teaching, completion stage practices, and creation stage practices.
Practices or according and structure.
All that is within the contracts of love and kindness, compassion, bodhicitta, joy and devotion,
courage and commitment.
All the six parama, the contracts that you utilize.
So, if we are influenced by the close ones that have the larger negative influence with close ones,
we will lose all these good qualities.
We lose the leaning qualities and reflecting.
And then as well as practicing, we distract completely in the world of the surface of these three
poisons.
When that happens, what is happening?
Physically, we become wild.
And verbally, we become wild.
Our soft speaking thoughts maybe now become start changing.
So, physically, wild, crazy activities, crazy things, verbally disrespectful,
and very verbal, and very kind of harsh, harsh.
And then, deep down in the heart, what is happening?
He said here, last one, completely racing up, or covered up.
Our loving kindness, our compassion, completely covered up.
So, look at the level of the surface, we don't have any love.
We don't have any compassion.
We don't have any respect and appreciation.
Become raging, raging, self-important ego, and that even could not succeed there.
Because the darkness of ignorance and anger and attachment,
even we couldn't fulfill our good things.
Even the ego want completely, but yet controlled completely by the self-ego and important.
So, that is the error and the mistakes of the negative influence from the close ones.
For that reason, he said, give up that, or distance that, for a while, until you have the strength.
Become stronger.
Stronger, when we do this, that is practice of the Bodhisattva.
You're preparing, we're preparing to grow up our self-image stronger
so that we can help to those beings and others.
We're not crushing under the forceful external circumstances, situations in that midst of things.
And that is the practice of Bodhisattvas.
We're preparing this.
Once you give up this, when are you able to do this?
Next one is, then, here, he said, what is now we need?
Now, opposite of that, opposite of that, we have to contract with a good friend.
Good friend that we can be as we can follow, we can see the good friend as a role models of
ourselves.
Who has love, who has compassion, kindness, knowledge, wisdom, common sense,
and don't the earth humble and more respectful.
Those are the good friend and very practical.
So, that is the good friends.
That is, that will do. It will increase our already good things.
It will glorify. It will repolite them.
It is like, as moonlight shines the white house, as building is already white, beautiful white
house,
when the moon shines in the evening or for more time.
It glorifies the beauty and the splendor of that color.
Similarly, the good friend, you already have the beautiful color.
You already have the Buddha nature. It is not something that we don't have.
We already have all those beautiful colors.
Now, it begins to sizzle, sizzling, sizzling, activating, glorifying, and then, really, it will
make the difference.
Back to you and to the others, your families, friends, everyone.
We become, or you become win-win situations.
You win, the others win, in the context of the joy and appreciation, and the wonderfuls and awes
omes.
That really will come.
This is what contracting with the best friend.
And the best friend and the best teacher.
And what is this? This is, then again, is already translated here.
I will go here.
The win in the reliance and the somber, your defects, defects, win,
and your positive always grow like a waxing moon, to cherish such spiritual friend,
even more than your own body, is the practice of the bodhisattvas.
When you got this kind of friend, role models and examples or the teachers,
you should see as precious ones.
You should see it is important, it is special.
This is the friend that will support to you, lead to go to the beyond and for your goals.
Friend, good friends, he is spiritual friend.
The teachers in the Buddha teaching always mention good teacher is your spiritual friend, is
nothing else.
He is a friend. We are all friends.
We are all moving in that direction.
Good friend is like good captain, winning the passengers.
And we have good captain.
That captain will lead us to save and smooth and ride in a beautiful journey
and avoiding all the kind of like hinders and difficulties, troubles,
and every way to go to reach to the shoulders.
That is very special, special.
So what he does, he has said all these things.
So I won't go now and he said that when you contract, contract,
it will decrease and all the negative arrows started decreasing.
That means negative emotions, negative emotions, negative behaviors,
negative conductors, it will demolish, can't really go away, away, and all that.
When that happens, these are the negative, all that cover our beauties is thick cloud in the sky,
thick cloud in the sky covered up there.
When you start demolishing your petting wave, what is glorifying the beauty of the hidden gauntlet
of the skies,
sun and the moon and star, all in the blue sky, are really beginning to show up.
Clearly, clearly, clearly, and all the clouds, and all the good qualities are rising as like moons.
Everything is coming up.
That's what called known as advancing to the path and boomers.
Reaching enlightenment, coming every step kind of moves really, something rewarding, nice.
When you look back to your life, I did something good.
Standing on the present spot, looking back, I did good, I did good.
And looking to the forward, and also you have beautiful plans, beautiful goal,
I'm going to do something good.
So past is good, present is good, and future is good, all very good.
And for that reason, and part is good, nice love good.
And for that reason, the great Master Shandi Deva said,
"Have you ride the bodhicata horse?"
Horse, from now on, is always good.
From the good to good, even better, better, better.
That's what's called path of bodhisattva, path of joy and peace, enlightenment.
There is nothing kind of disturbed now.
You continue moving and everything.
And that is, when you find this, when you're friend like this,
then you should always cherish and respect and appreciate.
Even more dear than in here, even your bodhisattva.
But you should cherish and respect and kind of feel how I'm lucky,
how I'm fortunate that I have beautiful friend
that who can support and help, or have so many friends, similar, how I'm wonderful,
how beautiful, really recognize, enjoy, and be part of the team,
to get more power.
That is rewarding, and that is practice on the bodhisattvas.
From this on now, so that is really about this.
This stanza, from this first stanza of this, up to this point,
is all foundation of the practice of bodhisattvas, all the foundations.
When we have the beauty of this foundation and preparation, call it this,
then we begin to now practice, move forward.
Rest all, this then is the part of the practice.
But it's not just we practice this path, this past six stanzas at one point
and then kind of lead that.
This is continuing our supportive practice, the fulfillment of the bodhisattva practices,
so then we keep up continually.
And that is my brief talk today, and again, I thank to every of you.
Thank you, okay? Thank you, everyone.
Thank you so much, everyone, and thank you very much.
Wherever you are, wherever you may be, and wherever you're connected to here,
I'm so thankful, so grateful, hope it serves some of our practice and meditations,
and at least reminding of some of the teachings of the brothers.
So I'm grateful, grateful, and we don't see before our big holiday season.
I wish you a happy and healthy, beautiful, a lot of beautiful peace,
peace and realization to all of you and good health.
Thank you, thank you. And now we do again short dedication practices we have,
and I mean dedication practices, and then if you don't have these texts,
then those who are in different places do some dedication practices, you know.
Graduation is the best wishes, good wishes. We're wishing to everyone.
We started with this, with good motivation.
We kind of reflect the teaching of the Buddha with good motivation.
Now, we're concluding this practice with good motivation,
with good things to hold, where there's no more war, no more disturbance,
no more payments, no more suffering, the difficulties, no more violence.
There's so many peace and joy, and every one, great understanding,
really great understanding, realization, peace and harmony.
How is it important to bring the good things to everyone because of that,
and the heart is waking up to that understanding.
Really, we can pray by our deeds, so we do these dedication prayers.
And page seven, according to this booklet, page seven,
and I think whenever our Sangha members have this prayer,
same thing, maybe slightly different page, but so, and page eight, sorry, page eight.
[Singing]
Okay, thank you again, thank you, thank you very much, thank you, thank you so much, thank you,
thank you again, thank you everyone, thank you, thank you, thank you, mucho gracias, bon adios, ad
ios.
[Laughter]
Adios, adios. Thank you. Yes please, I have.
Thank you, Rampacharya again for these beautiful instructions on how to bring happiness to
ourselves and others by improving ourselves, but thank you for being the most precious of spiritual
friends.
Oh, thank you, thank you.